# Meeting Notes

## Date: June 2, 2020

### Attendees

- Chris Beeler (Secretary)
- Nouha Chatti
- Mark Crowley
- Mitchell Shahen 

### Topic covered:

* Updates about SubWorld

Chris is currently running TD3 on SubWorld. There were some delays with getting it going last week.

* Updates about ODEWorld

Mitchell is still trying to improve the efficiency of the code and make it more trivial to add new reactions.

* Updates about ChemistryGym

Mitchell is still working on a logging module, cleaning up the modules, and adding more documentation.

* Miscellaneous updates

Nouha is learning about PPO. Mark Suggested Mitchell look into DDPG.
The meeting with Sriram to discuss them will perhaps just be part of the TD3 discussion.

Sriram is still busy with NeurIPS submission.

The normal meeting has not been rescheduled. It will likely just be the normal time next week.
Sriram will lead a discussion through TD3.

