# Meeting Notes

## Date: August 18, 2020

### Attendees

- Chris Beeler (Secretary)
- Nouha Chatti
- Mark Crowley
- Sriram Ganapathi
- Mitchell Shahen 
- Isaac Tamblyn 

### Chris:

* Met with Kyle S. to discuss ODE solver he used. Might be a good replacement as it is time step size independant.

### Mitchell:

* Making sure documentation is detailed and up to date.

* Checking that all the demos work properly.

* Will look into making a static website to host the documentation.

* Will do an in depth code walk through at next weeks meeting.

* Is willing to continue work on the project and paper after he leaves.

### Nouha:

* Planning on testing environments with curriculum learning, perhaps reaction bench to start.

### Sriram:

* Looking at state-of-art for curriculum learning papers, including “The Teaching Dimension of Q-Learning”.

* Paper is all theory and no imperical results.

* Will go through the paper in detail in the near future.

### Isaac:

* Wanted to talk about dependancies. Decision was that standard well-known libraries are fine.

### Mark:

* Suggested everyone is assigned a task to work on when things slow down in the fall.

