# Meeting Notes

## Date: May 26, 2020

### Attendees

- Chris Beeler (Secretary)
- Colin Bellinger
- Nouha Chatti
- Mark Crowley
- Sriram Ganapathi
- Mitchell Shahen 
- Isaac Tamblyn (Meeting Organizer)

### Topic covered:

* Updates about SubWorld

Chris is currently applying TD3 on the environment as it is designed for continuous action spaces.
It has not run long enough yet to acquire any useful information.

* Updates about ODEWorld

Mitchell sucessfully created a new reaction for the environment.
He is now trying to improve the efficiency of the code and make it more trivial to add new reactions.

* Updates about ChemistryGym

Mitchell has started working on a logging module, cleaning up the modules, and adding more documentation.
He was tasked with transferring all the issues from the ODEWorld and ExtractWorld repos to chemistrygym.

* Miscellaneous updates

Nouha is learning about PPO.
It was suggested to set up a meeting with Sriram to discuss the algorithm.

Sriram is busy with NeurIPS submission.

Chris, Nouha, and Mitchell will meet next week at the usual time.
The normal meeting will be rescheduled to sometime after the NeurIPS deadline.

* TD3 Discussion

Sriram suggested that we should discuss the TD3 paper at the next meeting possibly lead by him.

